Ah, it's so hot. It's so hot.
Ah, so good! On a hot holiday like this, eating snowflake bingsu at home is the best.
Curling! Sweep! Sweep!
Yay!
You guys know how to play curling?
Of course! It's a traditional summer sport only elegant princesses play!
Ah!
Hey, if it's an elegant sport...
Then you should be elegant!
Right! Elegance!
Whatever!
Ah!
Yay!
But the ice melted so quickly, it's not fun!
When we played this game, Snowping always kept the ice from melting, so it was nice.
Snowping, you say?
Yeah! Snowping is the princess of a snow country where it always snows.
And in the sky of that country, there's a huge snow-making machine!
And actually, Snowping is...
Rather than a princess, she's closer to a wild beast?!
I'll sprinkle snow and cool you down!
Coldly freezing, Snow Snow!
The subjects here also like ice and snow very much!
But... it doesn't snow from the sky here, Snow.
Did the snow-making machine in this country break down, Snow?
Then bye! My hot subjects!
No matter how much you stare, I won't give it to you!
This bingsu is mine!
I have no interest in such things!
Bring the Princesses back at once and return me to my original form!
You... what is your relationship with that princess named Romi?
Relationship? I have no...
She's catching the Princess Teeniepings that fell to Earth one by one...
...and restoring them to their original forms.
I don't know yet, but...
If any evidence comes out that you're involved in this...
I'll turn you into an even uglier form! Got it!?
No! The more you do this, the deeper you'll fall into darkness! So...
Enough!
If all the Princess Teeniepings find their original forms like this...
Ah, it's hot!
Why isn't it snowing here, Snow?
Snowping! This is all because a bad girl named Romi stole all the snow from this town!
Hurry and find that greedy girl and teach her a lesson!
What? Romi?
Ah! That princess I saw back then!
So that's why! Wait right there!
I'll take back the snow! Snow!
Ah, it's hot!
Should I make snowflake bingsu for you guys too?
Good! Give me some!
That's... the snow-making machine!
It was here!
How dare you steal others' things! Hey!
Coldly freezing, Snow Snow!
Watch out, Romi!
The snow-making machine is mine!
We're sliding!
What was that suddenly?!
I will definitely get the Princess Pact back and catch her!
Let's go, guys!
How do you make it snow... Snowping!
Give me back my Princess Pact right now!
No! Hurry up and tell me how to make it snow, Snow!
That's not a snow-making machine!
It's an item to catch Teeniepings like you!
What? Catch?
So you were doing only bad things!
If you don't return it nicely...
No! I won't get caught, Snow!
Ah, now is the time!
Good!
I'll catch it!
That won't do!
Coldly freezing, Snow Snow!
Come this way, Snow!
No one on the ice is my match, Snow!
She's skiing so well... No, she was so good!
First, I have to stop her from skiing!
Then, she won't be able to move that much.
Steal those ski poles! Lightly!
Oh! What should I do?!
Wait!
Wait a minute, Snowping!
I'll tell you how to make it snow!
What? You said you didn't know earlier!
That was... because I didn't know, and she knows!
Me? Me? I know!?
Really?
She won't lie in front of a Princess. Ah!
Why isn't it coming off?!
I tightly froze it with ice, Snow!
So I'm done with you now!
Now you're just a penguin without a hat!
You guys lied to me without any elegance, Snow!
If she is caught nicely, I'll return it! Lightly!
Hmph, such tricks won't work, Snow!
Wow! You can snowboard well too!
It's nothing without that!
I'm the best princess on the ice, Snow!
Now!
Rubber band flick!
How dare you trip me!
I won't forgive those who lack elegance, Snow!
What? Since she doesn't have her hat...
She isn't any different from us!
Now! Guys!
We'll save the Princess Pact!
Ah! My snow-making machine!
Feathers! Feathers!
I caught it! Ah! It won't open!
It's not over yet! Snow!
Let go!
Let go, Snow!
I absolutely can't let my snow-making machine be taken away, Snow!
Ah! Snowping! This is Romi's!
I said it's Romi's!
Right! This is absolutely...
This is... so persistent, Snow!
It would be better to look next to you, lightly!
Are you trying to trick me? I won't fall for it!
Transform into a lovely princess!
Open, Princess Pact!
Graceping, time to be elegant!
A heart full of elegance! Princess Plie!
Here I am, Snowping!
Piriri Catchling!
Princess Teenieping, Snowping, Catch!
Into the Princess Cube!
I ended up getting caught on the snow, Snow.
I was a great princess...
Here, eat this.
Ah!
It wasn't a snow-making machine, but a bingsu-making machine!
I'm sorry for the misunderstanding.